Ladies and gentlemen we've come to an important crossroad in our path to becoming a great reactive helper.
You see we have two options here.
The first option is we can keep going.
We can keep learning react syntax small little tricks and pretty much learned the entire documentation
which is right over here so that like a dictionary we understand every single thing about react.
Every single tool in the library.
But here's the thing you can do that on your own.
You don't need me to tell you what the documentation sets.
And as a developer you should learn how to read the documentation.
However I do understand that sometimes it's nice to have somebody show you how things work how maybe
something that isn't clear online is explained so we're going to take a different strategy than most
courses here and I've talked about this before.
What we're going to do is we're going to try and simulate a real work environment.
What does that mean.
Well moving forward we're gonna start off building our e-commerce Web site.
We're going to build a full out online clothing shop from start all the way to finish where we put it
online.
It's going to allow us to do a ton of things.
But what we want to mimic here is how in a real life scenario you would most likely be working with
somebody perhaps a senior developer so along the way I'm going to ask you to code along have your code
side by side next to the videos.
As we work through the project together and as we build the project we're going to encounter different
problems different things that perhaps we haven't learned yet and react and slowly we're gonna learn
these things as we build the project because we could spend the next 20 hours just building five more
useless projects that aren't impressive because there are things they can do in a day.
What impresses employers and what gives you actual work experience is building these large projects
from start to finish.
So we're going to choose this path.
So if you feel like hey I feel like I only know maybe 40 percent of react then that's OK because we
have a long way to go I hope that you stick around because by the end of this course that 40 percent
of knowledge is going to grow and we're going to try and build something from scratch so that at the
end of the day you don't just learn a list of tools but you learn how to lead projects how to explain
to people how react works how to decide on good architecture it's time to get started.